# Mitene-Renpo-Vicky2-Mod
This is my first attempt at a "stable" mod for Victoria 2. It is meant for all the Hunter x Hunter fans who also happen to play Vicky 2.
The mod uses as a base an old-ish version of GFM (Greater Flavour Mod), all credits go to the devs.

This mod started as an idea after seeing the Hunter x Hunter world and wondering what would it be like in Victoria 2.
As Vicky is the main Paradox game I've played and I've found it the easiest to mod, I decided to try and make a mod for a union of nations that appears in the anime. 
I've seen only one other mod for Vicky 2 inspired by an anime, the Code Geass world, it's an old mod and since then I haven't seen anime world getting much attention by Paradox game modders. At first, I thought about making the entire Hunter x Hunter map into Vicky, but that would've been beyong my abilities as the map is not only an inverted version of the real world, but it also features almost all of it (unlike the normal Vicky map that ommits Antarctica and most of the north pole islands. 
So I've decided to only recreate the Mitene Union in the game (in the anime it is based off Devon Island {most likely} but with a subtropical climate). 
Since Devon Island is up north and not in the Vicky map, I decided to create the Union in the island of Java, which is not only with an almost identical climate, but also has a shape closer to the Union than the actual island it was based off. 

So far the mod has all 5 nations the union is made of: NGL, Republic of Rokario, Republic of Hass, Republic of West Gorteau and the Republic of East Gorteau. The Union itself is a formable nation only by a decision which can be taken after the entire island has been annexed. 
Each nation has a custom culture: Agrarian(couldn't think of a word to represent the people living there) for NGL, Mieran (named from one of the 2 mountain ranges that are situated between Rokario and Hass) for the Republics of Rokario and Hass and Gorteau, for West and East Gorteau. Each culture also has a unique color.
NGL and East Gorteau have custom ruling parties (I decided against making parties for all nations), and all nations have appropriate governments (NGL is an absolute monarchy as no existing form of government is close to what it actually is in the anime) and East Gorteau is a Presidetial Dictatorship as it was never  stated in the anime if the government is Socialist/Communist or Fascist.
All nations also have entirely custom flags besides East Gorteau which already had a flag in the anime, which is also used in the mod. I created each flag with ideas from what little information was given in the anime about each nation.
Population numbers are also official (only NGL and East Gorteau had their numbers stated), and pop types are appropriate for NGL and East Gorteau (NGL lacks an upper and middle class with minimum numbers of soldies, East Gorteau starts with the largest number of soldier pop).

In addition, few provinces in the region have been merged, 1 new province has been added (Peijin), and all other province borders have been modified to represent the borders of the countries from the anime as close as possible. Almost every province has also been given a custom terrain type (the idea came from the already large number of terrains created by the devs of GFM, mostly for capital cities) and appropriate climate, including a custom picture for the terrain of the area in the anime. Each province has also been given appropriate goods (NGL has opium, as their main/secret export was the drug D2, which was made from a plant that only grows in NGL), for the other countries I have given goods that I find logical (Peijin has cattle as a reference to Meruem's quote to the female dancing troupe in the palace when they plead for their lives).
A new region, Balsa Islands, was created, which only has the Union in it (West and East Java have been removed effectively), and each province is made into a subregion/state for the purpose of making each nation harder to conquer and to make the nations look larger (region colors are random sadly).

As flavor and for deeper immersion, the main menu buttons, the Play and Back buttons in the scenario map and the settings buttons ingame have been changed to a picture of the designated slots in the Binder from the Greed Island Arc; new custom loading screens of the map/regions have been added, including a full screen main menu background image from the 4th Opening (works best with 1920*1080 resolution); names for NGL and East Gorteau military leaders have been added based on characters that appeared in each country and finally, most of the Third OST has been added with another soundtrack from the Phantom Rouge OST, with Kingdom of Predators being the loading theme (I couldn't make each name custom, so I replaced the names of the default songs and replaced the music folder path in the .mod file). 

The mod works with both base GFM and the Shattered World submod and are both standalone, so to install them simply extract the folders and .mod files.

If any dev expresses interested in expanding the mod, or if anyone has any questions, feel free to contact me at Discord DiscoMagpie#4525.
If you also notice any bugs, feel free to report them and I will try to fix them.

Lastly, I had an idea of creating a very small circular province in NGL and adding the Chimera Ants, but emulating them in the game would be difficult as they didn't have much numbers, but each of them was individually extremely resilant and strong. As an offset, the Hunter Assosiation could also appear in the game through an event, but their numbers were also far too few in order to make them into a vicky style "army". If anyone has any ideas of implementing the entire Chimera Ant arc in the game, feel free to contact me and we could work it out.
